docs/design-spec.md, before:

# Operator Flow

1. User creates `CertManager` CR
1. Operator picks up the CR spec
1. If the CR is not named "default", it is not allowed to pass through
1. Operator performs reconcile loop for cert manager service
    1. Checks the instance of the CertManager CR exists
        - if it doesn't, exit
        - if it does, continue
    1. Check cert-manager CRDs (certificates, issuers, etc.) exist
        - if they exist, continue
        - if they do not exist, try to create them
            - if there's errors creating them, requeue and try again
    1. Check the cert-manager namespace exists
        - if it exists, continue
        - if it does not exist, create it
            - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
    1. Check RBAC is in place for cert-manager
        - Check roles
            - Clusterrole
                - if it exists, continue
                - if it doesn't exist, create it from default spec
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
            - ClusterRoleBinding
                - if it exists, continue
                - if it doesn't exist, create it from default spec
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
            - Create the service account ignoring errors if it already exists
                - if there's an error that's not related to it already existing, requeue and try again
    1. Check the deployment
        - If the cert-manager deployment exists
            - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                - if it does send an update using the template
            - if it does not exist, create it
        - If the configmap-watcher deployment exists
            - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                - if it does send an update using the template
            - if it does not exist, create it
        - If webhook is enabled
            - Check the prerequisites
                - if the service exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the apiservice exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the mutatingwebhookconfiguration exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the validatingwebhookconfiguration exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the webhook rolebinding exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
            - If cainjector deploy exists
                - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                    - if it does send an update using the template
                - if it does not exist, create it
            - if webhook deploy exists
                - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                    - if it does send an update using the template
                - if it does not exist, create it
        - If webhook is not enabled
            - Delete cainjector deploy if it exists
            - Delete webhook deploy if it exists
            - Delete webhook prerequisites if they exist
1. If the CR is deleted
    1. If there is a finalizer on the CR, all resources created by this operator are deleted automatically
        - RBAC
            - Removes clusterrolebinding
            - Removes the clusterrole
            - Removes the imagepullsecret - if it was copied over by this operator
            - Removes webhook rolebinding
        - Deployments
            - webhook deploy
            - cainjector deploy
            - controller deploy
            - configmap-watcher deploy
        - Validating Webhook Configuration
        - Mutating Webhook Configuration
        - Service
        - API Service
        - NOTE: the finalizer automatically removes resources created by this operator. If any of these were not created by operator and were already present in the system then the operator will not remove them upon CR removal.
    1. Remove the finalizer from list of finalizers on CR

## Log levels

1. Level 0 logging
    - Error messages that prevent continuing through the flow
    - Basic status
    - Always log
1. Level 1 logging
    - Errors that are not critical such as missing deployment for deletion
1. Level 2 logging
    - Status logging seeing where we are in the process of things such as "finished checking crds", etc
1. Debugging information
    - Arguments for the deployment, deployment itself, etc

Commit message:

Update design doc and adoption guide doc (#27)
* Update logic flow in design doc.

* Update the adoption guide based on discussion.

* Update the adoption guide based on discussion.

* Fixed linter error.

docs/design-spec.md, after:

# Operator Flow

1. User creates `CertManager` CR
1. Operator picks up the CR spec
1. If the CR is not named "default", it is not allowed to pass through
1. Operator performs reconcile loop for cert manager service
    1. Checks the instance of the CertManager CR exists
        - if it doesn't, exit
        - if it does, continue
    1. Check cert-manager CRDs (certificates, issuers, etc.) exist
        - if they exist, continue
        - if they do not exist, try to create them
            - if there's errors creating them, requeue and try again
    1. Check RBAC is in place for cert-manager
        - Check roles
            - Clusterrole
                - if it exists, continue
                - if it doesn't exist, create it from default spec
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
            - ClusterRoleBinding
                - if it exists, continue
                - if it doesn't exist, create it from default spec
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
            - Create the service account ignoring errors if it already exists
                - if there's an error that's not related to it already existing, requeue and try again
    1. Check the deployment
        - If an instance of cert-manager already exists
            - Create a warning status on the CertManager CR telling them one exists and to remove it before proceeding and requeue and try again
        - If an instance of cert-manager does not already exist, continue
        - If the cert-manager deployment exists
            - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                - if it does send an update using the template
            - if it does not exist, create it
        - If the configmap-watcher deployment exists
            - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                - if it does send an update using the template
            - if it does not exist, create it
        - If webhook is enabled
            - Check the prerequisites
                - if the service exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the apiservice exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the mutatingwebhookconfiguration exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the validatingwebhookconfiguration exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
                - if the webhook rolebinding exists, do nothing, otherwise create it
                    - if there's an error creating it, requeue and try again
            - If cainjector deploy exists
                - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                    - if it does send an update using the template
                - if it does not exist, create it
            - if webhook deploy exists
                - if it does, check if anything differs from the template
                    - if it does send an update using the template
                - if it does not exist, create it
        - If webhook is not enabled
            - Delete cainjector deploy if it exists
            - Delete webhook deploy if it exists
            - Delete webhook prerequisites if they exist
1. If the CR is deleted
    1. If there is a finalizer on the CR, all resources created by this operator are deleted automatically
        - RBAC
            - Removes clusterrolebinding
            - Removes the clusterrole
            - Removes webhook rolebinding
        - Deployments
            - webhook deploy
            - cainjector deploy
            - controller deploy
            - configmap-watcher deploy
        - Validating Webhook Configuration
        - Mutating Webhook Configuration
        - Service
        - API Service
        - Cert-manager CRDS (certificates, issuers, clusterissuers, orders, and challenges)
        - NOTE: the finalizer automatically removes resources created by this operator. If any of these were not created by operator and were already present in the system then the operator will not remove them upon CR removal.
    1. Remove the finalizer from list of finalizers on CR

## Log levels

1. Level 0 logging
    - Error messages that prevent continuing through the flow
    - Basic status
    - Always log
1. Level 1 logging
    - Errors that are not critical such as missing deployment for deletion
1. Level 2 logging
    - Status logging seeing where we are in the process of things such as "finished checking crds", etc
1. Debugging information
    - Arguments for the deployment, deployment itself, etc
